phones
money we see someone in trouble and wish
we could help
who are you looking at but we don't how
come nobody's ever tried to be a
superhero
you want to go fight some crime
let's see what you can do oh that kind
of hurt
costume vigilante has become the latest
internet phenomenon
bring it on you're crazy kids hey
i have one of those
[Music]
who are you kick ass red mist i'm hit
girl and that's
big daddy folks have just had enough of
living in fear you know i gotta send a
message but being a superhero
is bad for your health this guy comes
out of nowhere
playtime's over kid i never play
oh yeah didn't see that did you kick ass
that's right we're superheroes you love
us in theaters april 16 for restricted
contests and kick ass on facebook
[Music]